Act like a baby until your next turn
Act like a chicken for 1 minute
Act like a chicken until your next turn.
Act like a monkey until it is your turn again
Act like a pig until it is your turn again
Act like a statue until it is your turn again (no talking or moving)
Act like an old lady or an old man
Act like the family pet until it is your turn again
Act like you do not understand your own language until your next turn (come up with your own language)
Act like your favourite Disney character for the rest of the game
Act like your favourite Disney person
Act like your favourite superhero
Balance a spoon on your nose until the next round
Balance the object to your left on your head for the next three rounds
Bark like a dog.
Be my one day boyfriend or girlfriend.
Blindfolded, go to the kitchen and make sandwich
Blindfolded, spin around 10 times and walk down the street and back
Break dance
Brush someone else’s teeth
Call a friend, pretend it's their birthday, and sing them Happy Birthday to You.
Call a random person and sing happy birthday to them
Call and yell at one of your parents and then tell them theyare grounded for a week
Call me and sing a song for me.
Call someone and say nothing.
Call someone random, and talk freaky to them
Call the pizza place and order 300 sardine pizzas
Call to any random number and do non-stop conversation for 2 minutes.
Call your parents and tell them you’re dropping out
Chug a whole beer in 15 seconds
Chug an entire beer, then spin around for 15 seconds, after that try to run to the door
Close your eyes and send a blind text to a random person
Close your eyes until it’s your turn again
Combine two foods that should never go together, such as pickles and peanut butter or applesauce and olives, and eat a huge bite.
Crack an egg on your head.
Cross your eyes and walk to front yard and back
Cross your eyes
Dance like a ballerina
Demonstrate how you style your hair in the mirror (without actually using the mirror).
Do 10 jumping jacks, and then do 10 pushups
Do 150 jumping jacks
Do 20 squats.
Do 5 cartwheels in a row
Do a backbend
Do a cannonball onto the couch
Do a free-style rap for the next minute.
Do a handstand on the wall for the next two rounds
Do a handstand
Do a headstand while you sing your favourite nursery rhyme
Do a headstand
Do a plank for a full minute.
Do a prank call on one of your family members.
Do a prank call to your mother and tell "I’m expecting a baby soon". Screenshot the response.
Do an impression of another player until someone can figure out who it is.
Do an impression of someone until another player can guess who you are
Do an impression of your favorite celebrity
Do an impression of your favourite relative, do not stop until everyone can guess who you are
Do an impression of your most annoying teacher
Do pushups until it’s your turn again
Do the silliest dance that you can think of
Do the sprinkler dance
Do your best chicken dance outside on the lawn
Do your best evil laugh, as loud as you can
Do your best hip hop dance
Do your best hula dance
Do your best impression of Mickey Mouse
Do your best president impression
Draw your favorite movie and have the other person guess it (Pictionary-style).
Drink a mystery brew concocted by the rest of the group. Make sure there is nothing harmful or dangerous in the concoction and set a reasonable limit of sips the person must take to complete the dare.
Dump out your purse, backpack, or pockets and do a show and tell of what's inside.
Eat a dry pack of noodles
Eat a mouthful of crackers and try to whistle.
Eat a packet of hot sauce straight.
Eat a raw egg
Eat a snack without using your hands.
Eat a spoonful of peanut butter
Eat a teaspoon of mustard.
Eat as much hot sauce as you can
Eat half a stick of butter
Eat some soap
Eat three spoonfuls of mustard
Eat toilet paper
Email one of your professor’s and tell them you love them
Empty a glass of cold water onto your head outside.
Everything you say for the rest of the game has to rhyme.
Floss the teeth of the person to your left
Fold yourself into a pretzel
For the next 2 rounds, you must do whatever the person to your right says
Get a large garbage bag and cut the bottom open. Put it on like a skirt and tie the ties around your waist. Act like you are modeling couture on the catwalk.
Get on all fours and act like a dog until your next turn
Give a 3 minute stand-up comedy routine
Give a concert with your air guitar
Give a deep explanation of one item in front of you.
Give a foot massage
Give person to your left a kiss on the forehead
Give someone in the group a piggyback ride around the room.
Give the person to your left a wet willy
Go 10 minutes without saying the words: but, a, the, or
Go a whole minute without blinking
Go grab a broom and do your best tango
Go outside and sing your national anthem as loud as you can
Go rinse your mouth out with soap or a minute, then blow soap bubbles from your mouth until the soap runs out
Go to the neighbour’s house and ask for a banana
Go up to someone random and ask for a hug
Gulp down a raw egg.
Hand over your phone to another player who can send a single text saying anything they want to anyone they want.
Hold your breath for 10 seconds
Hold your breath for 15 seconds
Hold your shoe up to your nose until it is your turn again
I dare you to Stand up for 2 turns
I dare you to do 10 pushups with one hand in less than a minute
I dare you to do a headstand for 2 mins
If there is a pet at the event, try to hold the pet for the rest of the night.
Imitate a YouTube star until another player guesses who you're portraying.
In the next ten minutes, find a way to scare another player and make it a surprise.
Jump up and down until it’s your turn again
Lay on the floor and act like a sizzling piece of bacon.
Let another person draw a tattoo on your back with a permanent marker.
Let another person post a status on your behalf.
Let another player create a hat out of toilet paper — and you've got to wear it for the rest of the game.
Let someone give you a wedgie.
Let someone give you haircut with their weak hand
Let someone lick a full circle around your face
Let the other players go through your phone for one minute.
Let the other players redo your hairstyle.
Let the player to your right redo your makeup.
Lick someone’s foot
Lick the wall
Lick your nose
Make a fish face
Make a freestyle rap song about each person in the group
Make a funny face, take a selfie, and post it on Facebook
Make a headdress out of toilet paper and pose for photos.
Make a poem using the words orange and moose
Make a video call to me and do 20 situps continuously.
Make a voice call to me and sing rhymes.
Make up a country song of the top of your head
Make up a poem about the colour blue
Make up a rap about the person to your right.
Make up a short rap about another player
Make up a story about the item to your right
Make up a three minute song about the first thing that comesto your mind
Meow like cat
Moo like a cow as loud as you can
Name a famous person that looks like each player in the room.
Only use sign language for the next round
Only use your elbows and knees to go make a sandwich
Open your gallery, close your eyes, scroll randomly and select one picture and send it to me.
Paint your fingernails blindfolded with a pencil. Show us the result.
Paint your fingernails with a crayon
Paint your toenails only using your teeth
Play air guitar for one minute.
Pound on your chest and act like a gorilla for the next minute
Prank call a local restaurant and order one of everything onthe menu
Pretend that you are an airplane for 2 minutes
Pretend that you're swimming underwater for the next three rounds of questions. Don't forget to make bubbling noises and come up for air from time to time.
Pretend to be a waiter or waitress and take snack orders from everyone in the group. Bring them the food they ordered and then check back to see if they like it.
Put five cubes in your mouth (you can't chew them, you just have to let them melt—brrr).
Put makeup on with no mirror
Put my picture as your mobile wallpaper for three days.
Put on a blindfold and touch the other players' faces until you can figure out who's who.
Put peanut butter on your nose, and try to to lick it off
Put the socks of the person to your right in your mouth
Put your leg behind you head
Quack and walk like a duck
Record yourself doing the silliest dance you can do, and post it to Facebook
Repeat everything another player says for the next three rounds of the game.
Repeat everything the person to your right says until your next turn.
Run around the room imitating a monkey.
Run down the street in only your underwear
Run in place or the next three rounds
Say pickles at the end of every sentence you say until it's your turn again.
Say the alphabet backwards in 15 seconds
Say the alphabet backwards in 30 seconds
Say the alphabet backwards in a British accent.
Say the alphabet in a different language
Say "banana" after everything you say until it is your turn again
Say "ya heard meh" after everything you say for the next 5 minutes
Send a screenshot of your search history of last 2 days.
Send a selfie of yours while keeping your finger in your nose.
Send a text message to your crush blindfolded.
Send a video of you dancing.
Send a voice message saying that you love me in 3 romantic ways.
Send an email to one of your teachers, telling them about howyour day is going
Send any message using only emojis.
Send five photo from your gallery.
Send me the last message you received from your crush.
Send me the message of your first message that sends to me.
Send next five text messages to your friends using your elbow only.
Send the most recent photo of your gallery.
Send your ugliest selfie.
Serenade the person to your right for a full minute.
Set up a tea party between any of the stuffed animals in the house. Invite the girls in your group to join.
Set your cell phone language to Chinese for the next 10 minutes
Set your crush's profile picture as your profile picture.
Show us your best dance moves.
Sing everything you say for the next 10 minutes
Sing instead of speaking for the next two rounds of the game
Sing the alphabet without moving your mouth
Sing your favourite song
Sing "Itsy Bitsy Spider" while standing on your head
Sing "Twinkle Twinkle, Little Star" while beat boxing
Sit in the trash can for the next round
Sit upside down in a chair until your next turn
Slap the person to your left on the booty
Smell pepper and try not to sneeze
Snort a line of sugar
Speak like Tony Montana for the next 10 minutes
Spin around 10 times, when you get done try to walk in a straight line
Spin around for 10 seconds and run out the mailbox and back
Stand in the corner in "time out", not say a word for the next 3 rounds
Stand like a flamingo for the next four rounds
Stand next to the refrigerator (or food pack if you're camping), close your eyes, and randomly point to something inside. Keep your eyes shut while someone from the group helps you eat some of the food you picked.
Stand on one leg for the next three rounds
Stand up and spin around for the next two rounds
Take 10 minutes to come up with an outfit that has every color of the rainbow. Borrow things from friends as you need to.
Take 2 shots and do a cartwheel
Take a selfie with a broom and post it on all of your socialmedia
Take a selfie with the toilet and post it online
Take a selfie with your finger up your nose and post it to all your social media
Take a shot off of the person to your right
Take a shot
Take a shower fully clothed
Take off your socks and wear them on your hands for the rest of the evening.
Take two shots of a dark and a light liquor ( 4 shots total)
Talk in a British accent until your next turn.
Talk like a baby for the next 3 rounds
Tapdance on the couch
Tell a funny knock knock joke, everyone must laugh
Tell them they have to do a logic puzzle and if they don't finish it within 3 minutes - you will give them an embarrasing dare!
Tickle the person to your right
Tie your shoe strings together and try to walk to the door and back
Try to lick your elbow
Try to spin on your head like a break dancer
Try to tickle yourself
Twerk on a handstand
Unbuckle your own belt using your elbows
Use the letters of the name of another player to describe them (ex. SAM : S – Silly ; A – Attractive ; M – Merry)
Use the person to your right’s stomach as a drum and make upa tribal dance
Using only your elbows, make a Facebook status and post it
Walk on your hands from one side of the room to the other
Wear a finger moustache for the next 5 minutes
Wear a funny hat on your head for the next three rounds of questions.
Wear your dress upside down and send that picture to me.
Wear your pants backward for the rest of the game.
Wiggle your ears without using your hands
With powder in your hand, smack the person to you left on thecheek
Write a Facebook (or other social media) post only using your toes
Write your and my name in your status for 1 day.
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind right now